I held out for something say listens the
actual cut that is from my old iron it's
not a new one because it's got such a
wide spout I think you can but generally
just use a bottle to put it in lovely
plate on it but that's I made late I
love their way with me it's nice that
some people complained about this thin
underneath no I trust you think that's
nice there doesn't seem to be in the way
from what I can see an environment bit
parvis of my first chopper matchy iron
in with the saya I want to see what it's
like it's like well I think it was nice
new to take I am where I was I was just
I'm decreasing cuz that's the fun part
I know I didn't tell him our children I
actually imparted that nice it's not too
happy I like a heavy iron feels nice
I think that has iron that lovely quite
impressed with that of the water that
seems like water spray that that doesn't
feel in a way that I quite like that
special fund up nicely that's nice and
stable no qualms with that lovely plate
I do like the look of the plate and it
just looked like it will stay nice and
clean and shouldn't get double use of
clothes in it any burn marks which we
always end up getting now this is nice
nice big this is for pouring your water
in I don't need to Qatar by size of my
finger but it does look quite big it's
like it holds quite a lot as well I do
like that that's all your different
we've got the Eco button this bar 15
smaller or none at all but I always do
like my stream um in fact I'm going to
try it on this book index item scribe
this seems a nice position you've got
your linen here cotton wool here
yourself
synthetics and no steam there so
obviously if you want something conveyed
like an actual minimum I do quite like
apply them but a nice long lead the lead
seems quite nice and long which is nice
that's me on the board and it's still
got a bit of flexion it will go right to
the end if I want it to and still got
room for it that's lovely nice length
it's also cleaning and he took I do like
this I am I had a well I don't know I
should say actually my Apple iron which
I was really really pleased with until
it blew up it was amazing but this I
think I really get along with this one
so I would review it tomorrow
thank you